Add support for Image Volumes (#11467)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/proc-deploy-kafka-connect-using-image-volumes.adoc

.Procedure

. Configure the `KafkaConnect` custom resource by specifying the additional connector plugins in`.spec.plugins`:
+
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+,options="nowrap"]
----
apiVersion: {KafkaConnectApiVersion}
kind: KafkaConnect
metadata:
  name: my-connect-cluster
spec: # <1>
  #...
  plugins: # <2>
    - name: connector-1
      artifacts:
        - type: image
          reference: <reference_to_container_image_or_OCI_artifact>
          pullPolicy: <pull_policy>
    - name: connector-2
      artifacts:
        - type: image
          reference: <reference_to_container_image_or_OCI_artifact>
          pullPolicy: <pull_policy>
  #...
----
<1> link:{BookURLConfiguring}#type-KafkaConnectSpec-reference[The specification for the Kafka Connect cluster^].
<2> (Required) List of connector plugins and their artifacts to add to mount in the Kafka Connect deployment. Each plugin must be configured with at least one `artifact`.

. Create or update the resource:
+
[source,subs="+quotes"]
----
$ kubectl apply -f <kafka_connect_configuration_file>
----

. Wait for the Kafka Connect cluster to be deployed.

> . Use the Kafka Connect REST API or `KafkaConnector` custom resources to use the connector plugins you added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. . Use the Kafka Connect REST API or `KafkaConnector` custom resources to configure and run connectors based on the plugins you added.
```
